Migrate 4 videos to Git LFS and document LFS setup (#378)
posit-dev/positron-docs: CLAUDE.md

>   - `lint.yml`: URL checking on PRs
>   - `publish-release-notes.yml`: Manual workflow for S3/CloudFront deployment
> 
> ## Videos and Git LFS
> 
> Video files (`.mp4`, `.mov`) are stored with Git LFS (see `.gitattributes`). When adding or replacing a video, make sure Git LFS is installed (`git lfs install`) so the file goes through the LFS filter. If a video shows up as changed in `git diff` but you didn't touch it, it was probably committed outside of LFS. Fix it by running `git add <file>` to re-add it through the filter.
> 

Reviewer: As written, "Fix it by running `git add <file>` to re-add it through the filter" instructs the agent to stage what is really an LFS migration (it rewrites the stored blob into a pointer, a change to history), and to do it as a side effect of unrelated work. That's behavior we'd want to prevent in an agent.

```suggestion
## Videos and Git LFS

Video files (`.mp4`, `.mov`) are stored with Git LFS (see `.gitattributes`). When adding or replacing a video, make sure Git LFS is installed and initialized (`git lfs install`) so the file goes through the LFS filter.

If a video shows up as changed in `git diff` or `git status` but you didn't touch it, that's a phantom diff: the file was committed as raw binary instead of an LFS pointer, so the clean filter now produces a pointer that differs from the stored blob. Do not stage or commit this as part of unrelated work. Running `git add` would rewrite the stored blob into a pointer, which is a real change to history. Instead, discard it with `git restore <file>`, and handle converting the file to LFS as its own deliberate change.

```

This keeps the diagnostic explanation (which _is_ genuinely useful for the agent!), but steers toward "discard, don't silently commit" and treats the LFS conversion as an intentional, separate change.
